added documentation on the integration test system (#42)
RMI78/wapiti: doc/integration_system.md

# Integration test documentation
----
Table of content
- [Working principle](#working-principle)
- [How to use it](#how-to-use-it)
    - [Basic usage](#basic-usage) 
    - [Integration test creation guide](#integration-test-creation-guide)

> It is strongly recommended to read the first part before jumping to the second to make sure you understand what you know.

Reviewer: Je pense que c'est ce que tout le monde avait prévu de faire

----

## Working principle

> This integration test system relies on what we can call scenarios. A scenario is basically made up of: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration test system relies on scenarios. A scenario is basically made up of: 
```

>  - Wapiti attacking one or more target with some options (one or more modules, a custom endpoint etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Wapiti attacking one or more target with some options (one or more modules, a custom endpoint etc.).
```

>  - Wapiti generating one report per target, agnostic of any non-constant data (date, IDs, etc.) and filtered of another redundant data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Wapiti generating one report per target, agnostic of any non-constant data (date, IDs, etc.) and filtered of another redundant data.
```

>  - Reports are then compared to reference reports (also called assertions), if they look exactly the same, then the test pass, otherwise, a diff is dumped in the logs and in a text file that can be retrieved as an artifact from the GitHub CI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Reports are then compared to reference reports (also called assertions), if they look exactly the same, then the test passes, otherwise, a diff is dumped in the logs and in a text file that can be retrieved as a GitHub CI artifact.
```

A target is a website Wapiti can scan or crawl with some vulnerabilities or not.
All the scenarios are executed on Docker with one or more container per target, one for Wapiti and another one for the endpoint.

> During an usual test run, the system will acknowledge all the scenarios you want to test (they can be set through an environment variable), and will then try to attack targets regardless of any fixed scenario or target order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During an usual test run, the system will acknowledge all the scenarios you want to test (they can be set through the XXX environment variable), and will then try to attack targets. Scenarios and targets order are not fixed.
```

As some targets are mutualized for some scenario, all the containers (even those who will not be used) will be built and executed during a run. 

## How to use it 
### Basic usage

> The whole system is located at tests/integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The whole system is located at tests/integration.
```

> If you wish to run this system locally, you can use the ``run.sh`` script. Typing ``run.sh --help`` will also print some options you may want to use such as a verbose mode for the builds, or a docker cleaner.

Reviewer: Je pense qu'au lieu d'écrire cette phrase, tu peux directement mettre la sortie de `run.sh --help`

> After the run, a file named .dump_diff_file.txt containing all the differences between all the reports of all the scenarios will be created at tests/integration.

Reviewer: between all the reports of all the scenarios et quoi ? Je suis pas convaincu que ce soit between entre eux, si ?

Author: Alors oui et non, du coup en français ça donnerait "Un fichier nommé .dump_diff_file.txt contenant toutes les différences de rapports entre toutes les cibles de tous les scénarios sera créé à test/integration." (je sais, ce n'est pas la traduction exacte de ce que j'ai écrit dans la doc, mais c'est comme cela que je vais le modifier si tu n'as pas d'objections)

> I case you want to disable a scenario, you can open the ``run.sh`` file and remove scenarios in the variable ``TESTS``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you want to disable a scenario, you can open the ``run.sh`` file and remove scenarios in the variable ``TESTS``
```

On peut la set directement dans notre shell ?

Author: Oui, il faut la commenter dans le script, sinon elle sera écrasée par contre, et il n'y a pas encore de vérification pour s'assurer que le système bloque si on y met n'importe quoi

### Integration test creation guide 

To create your own scenario:

> 1. Start by create a directory in tests/integration. By convention, follow the other directories when it comes to naming. Name start by `test_` followed by what you test underscore separated. Keep in mind that this will be your scenario name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Start by create a directory in tests/integration. By convention, follow the other directories when it comes to naming. Name start by `test_` followed by what you test, underscore separated. Keep in mind that this will be your scenario name.
```

2. Populate your directory just like this:
    ```
    - test_dummy_name
    - assertions
        - check.sh 
    ```
    It is mandatory to have a `check.sh` inside an `assertions` directory so the system can check your assertions
    __check.sh__

>     The system either let yu the choice to link the default check.sh: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The system either let you the choice to link the default check.sh: 
```

    ```Bash

>     ln -s ../../check.sh test/integrations/test_dummy_name/assertions/check.sh

Reviewer: ça marche ça ? Tes chemins sont louches. Il faut être placé ou pour faire ça ?

Author: J'ai modifié, tu me diras si c'est plus explicite

    ```

>     Or write your own if you feel like you need a specific way to check the reports. The only constraints are: having the same name and use bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Or write your own if you need a specific way to check the reports. The only constraints are: having the same name and use bash
```

Having the same name que quoi ? Il faut l'appeler check.sh, c'est ça ?

    - Use existing or setup your own healthchecks.
    - Use images by their hashes, either the one provided or by adding them to the `.env` file

    For shortcuts: 

    - `default_php_setup` setup a PHP web server and connect it to the test-network

    - `default_mysql_setup` setup a Mysql database and connect it to the test-network

    - `healthcheck_mysql` setup a healthcheck for a Mysql database 

    - `healthcheck_web` setup a healthcheck for a server hosting a website 

    Here are 2 targets examples:
    ```yml
    dummy_target:
        <<: [ *default_php_setup, *healthcheck_web ]
        depends_on:
        endpoint:
            condition: service_healthy
        volumes:
        - ./test_dummy_name/target_1/php/src/:/var/www/html/

    built_dummy_target:
        build:
        context: ./test_dummy_name/target_2/
        dockerfile: "./test_dummy_name/target_2/Dockerfile"
        args:
            PHP_HASH_TAG: ${PHP_HASH}
        volumes:
        - ./test_dummy_name/target_2/php/src/:/var/www/html/
        <<: *healthcheck_web
        networks:
        - test-network
    ```

>     Don't forget to add 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To make sure Wapiti waits for the containers to be ready, add this dependance :
```

    ```yml
    depends_on:
        dummy_target: 
            condition: service_healthy
        built_dummy_target: 
            condition: service_healthy
    ```

>     In the Wapiti container to make sure Wapiti wait for the containers to be ready.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

    5. Modify the ``tests/integration/wapiti/module.json`` to define the behavior of Wapiti toward the target(s). You can supply:

>         - A filter per scenario to avoid bloating the reports and the assertions. If you don't a default one will be supplied.

Reviewer: mentionne le filtre par défaut.

                },
                {
                    "name": "http://dummy_target/endpoint2/index.php",
                    "supplementary_argument": "--endpoint http://endpoint/"
                },
                {
                    "name": "http://built_dummy_target",
                    "supplementary_argument": "--auth-method basic",
                    "erase_global_supplementary": true
                }
            ]
        },
        ```

        As shown, you can also define multiples targets on a single container, which allow you to host mutliple websites on a single server. Wapiti will be launched on each target and thus, will produce as many reports as there is target for a given scenario. 

        ``supplementary_argument`` and ``report_filter_tree`` can be omitted. All the other keys are mandatory (``modules`` should be left as an empty string when testing without any module)

        __supplementary_argument__
        As you can see above, the first target will inherit from the scenario supplementary argument, the second one will have both argument and the third one runs with it own supplementary argument

>         Some arguments are already supplied by default and can't be changed. Each time, Wapiti will be launched with ``--detailed-report --flush-session --verbose 2 -f json``. The outpout path of the reports will also be supplied, supplying it here may break you scenario. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Some arguments are already supplied by default and can't be changed. Wapiti will always be run with ``--detailed-report --flush-session --verbose 2 -f json``. The outpout path of the reports will also be supplied, supplying it here may break you scenario. 
```
